Software is like sex: it's better when it's free. -Linus Torvalds
My name is Linus, and I am your god. -Linus Torvalds
Microsoft isn't evil, they just make really crappy operating systems. -Linus Torvalds
If Microsoft ever does applications for Linux, it means I've won. -Linus Torvalds
Making Linux GPL'd was definitely the best thing I ever did. -Linus Torvalds
See, you not only have to be a good coder to create a system like Linux, you have to be a sneaky bastard too. -Linus Torvalds
You won't get sued for anticompetitive behavior. -Linus Torvalds
I've been very happy with the commercial Linux CD-ROM vendors linux Red Hat. -Linus Torvalds
The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children. -Linus Torvalds
I do get my pizzas paid for by Linux indirectly. -Linus Torvalds
The Linux philosophy is "Laugh in the face of danger". Oops. Wrong One. "Do it yourself". Yes, that's it. -Linus Torvalds
Any program is only as good as it is useful. -Linus Torvalds
There are lots of Linux users who don't care how the kernel works, but only want to use it. That is a tribute to how good Linux is. -Linus Torvalds
When you say "I wrote a program that crashed Windows," people just stare at you blankly and say "Hey, I got those with the system, for free". -Linus Torvalds
I get the biggest enjoyment from the random and unexpected places. Linux on cellphones or refrigerators, just because it's so not what I envisioned on it. Or on supercomputers. - Linus Torvalds
I don't try to be a threat to Microsoft, mainly because I don't really see MS as competition. Especially not Windows-the goals of Linux and Windows are simply so different. -Linus Torvalds
Part of doing LInux was that I had to communicate a lot more instad of just being a geek in front of a computer. -Linus Torvalds
It's a personality trait: from the very beginning, I knew what I was concentrating on. I'm only doing the kernel - I always found everything around it to be completely boring. -Linus Torvalds
Shareware tends to combine the worst of commercial software with the worst of free software. -Linus Torvalds
I want my office to be quiet. The loudest thing in the room - by far - should be the occasional purring of the cat. -Linus Torvalds
I don't expect to go hungry if I decide to leave the University. Resume: Linux looks pretty good in many places. -Linus Torvalds
Programmers are in the enviable position of not only getting to do what they want, but because the end result is so important they get paid to do it. There are other professions like that, but not many. -Linus Torvalds
Hey, I'm a good software engineer, but I'm not exactly known for my fashion sense. White socks and sandals don't translate to 'good design sense'. -Linus Torvalds
I spend a lot more time than any person should have to talking with lawyers and thinking about intellectual property issues. -Linus Torvalds
I don't actually go to that many conferences. I do that a couple times a year. Normally, I am not recognized; people don't throw their panties at me. I'm a perfectly normal persion sitting in my den just doing my job. -Linus Torvalds
I've been employed by the University of Helsinki, and they've been perfectly happy to keep me employed and doing Linux. -Linus Torvalds
In my opinion, MS is a lot better at making money than it is at making good operating systems -Linus Torvalds
Fairly cheap home computing was what changed my life. -Linus Torvalds
The thing wth Linux is that the developers themselves are actually customers too: that has always been an important part of Linux. -Linus Torvalds
No-one has ever called me a cool dude. I'm somewhere between geek and normal. -Linus Torvalds
Nvidia has been the single worst company we've ever dealt with. So Nvidia... Fuck you. -Linus Torvalds
Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships. ― Linus Torvalds
Only wimps use tape backup. REAL men just upload their important stuff on ftp and let the rest of the world mirror it. ― Linus Torvalds
I did learn fairly early that the best and most effective way to lead is by letting people do things because they want to do them, not because you want them to. The best leaders also know when they are wrong, and are capable of pulling themselves out. And the best leaders enable others to make decisions for them.                                                                                                          Let me rephrase that. Much of Linux's success can be attrib­uted to my own personality flaws: 1) I'm lazy; and 2) I like to get credit for the work of others. ― Linus Torvalds
A lot of people believe in working long days and doing dou­ble, triple, or even quadruple shifts. I'm not one of them. Neither Transmeta nor Linux has ever gotten in the way of a good night's sleep. In fact, if you want to know the honest truth, I'm a firm believer in sleep. Some people think that's just being lazy, but I want to throw my pillow at them. I have a perfectly good excuse, and I'm standing by it: You may lose a few hours of your produc­tive daytime if you sleep, oh, say, ten hours a day, but those few hours when you are awake you're alert, and your brain functions on all six cylinders. Or four, or whatever.” ―Linus Torvalds
I love making friends.... it’s people I can’t stand.” - Linus Torvalds
Excusing bad programming is a shooting offence, no matter what the circumstances. -Linus Torvalds
How should I know if it works? That’s what beta testers are for. I only coded it. -Linus Torvalds
I’m an idiot… At least this one [bug] took about 5 minutes to find… -Linus Torvalds
A computer is like air conditioning - it becomes useless when you open Windows. -Linus Torvalds
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. -Linus Torvalds
I like offending people, because I think people who get offended should be offended. -Linus Torvalds
I’m basically a very lazy person who likes to get credit for things other people actually do. -Linus Torvalds
I may make jokes about Microsoft at times, but at the same time, I think the Microsoft hatred is a disease. -Linus Torvalds
In many cases the user interface to a program is the most important part for a commercial company: whether the program works correctly or not seems to be secondary. -Linus Torvalds
I am not out to destroy Microsoft, that would be a completely unintended side effect. -Linus Torvalds
A CD. How quaint. We have these in museums. ―Eoin Colfer
People who smile while they are alone used to be called insane until we invented smartphones and social media. ―Mokokoma Mokhonoana
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we’ve realized it’s a brochure. ―Douglas Adams
I won’t be impressed with technology until I can download food.
Life is too short to remove USB safely.
No one will need more than 637kb of memory for a person. -Bill Gates
Like almost everyone who uses e-mail, I receive a ton of spam every day. Much of it offers to help me get out of debt or get rich quick. It would be funny if it weren't so irritating. -Bill Gates
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. -Bill Gates
Microsoft has had clear competitors in the past. It's a good thing we have museums to document that. -Bill Gates
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning. -Bill Gates
If you can't make it good, at least make it look good. -Bill Gates
Can anyone tell me what MobileMe is supposed to do? Then why the fuck doesn't it do that? -Steve Jobs
Everything you've ever done in your life is shit, so why don't you come work for me? -Steve Jobs
Your commercials suck... The iPad is revolutionizing the world, and we need something big. You've given me small shit. -Steve Jobs
The products suck. There's no sex in them anymore. -Steve Jobs
"Please, don't come back to Apple, you'll ruin it." You may be right. But if I succeed, remember to look in the mirror and call yourself an asshole for me. -Steve Jobs
